Star Trek

Live now; make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again.

— Jean-Luc Picard

You know the greatest danger facing us is ourselves, and irrational fear of the unknown. There is no such thing as the unknown. Only things temporarily hidden, temporarily not understood.

— Captain Kirk

Logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few...or the one.

Spock


Star Wars

“Try not. Do or do not. There is no try.” —Yoda, Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back

IT IS YOUR DESTINY. JOIN ME, AND TOGETHER WE CAN RULE THE GALAXY AS FATHER AND SON.
Darth Vader

1."I'll never turn to the dark side. You've failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me."

-Luke Skywalker.

Rick and morty

"This seems like a good time for a drink and a cold, calculated speech with sinister overtones. A speech about politics, about order, brotherhood, power ... but speeches are for campaigning. Now is the time for action." — evil Morty

“I'm a scientist because I invent, transform, create, and destroy for a living. And when I don't like something about the world, I change it.”

To live is to risk it all—otherwise, you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you."

Hitchhikers guide to the galaxy

Don't Panic.

This planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movement of small green pieces of paper, which was odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy

We want you to tell us...." he paused, "The Answer."
"The Answer?" said Deep Thought. "The Answer to what?"
"Life!" urged Fook.
"The Universe!" said Lunkwill.
"Everything!" they said in chorus.
Deep Thought paused for a moment's reflection...

...."Forty-two," said Deep Thought, with infinite majesty and calm. 